Minutes of L&T Subcomittee Meeting 3 April 2018

Attendees:

- Amber Swope
- Eliot Kimber
- Birgit Strackenbrock
- Doug Burgess

Action Items:

- Doug Burgess: Will try to find presentation on L&T use by SAP as source for a success white paper

- Group: Prepare for discussion of requirements around improved feedback for questions and answer options.

Discussion:

- Objectives: Amber and Dawn are working on phase 1 proposal. Targeting May 1 meeting for proposal presentation. 

Potential additional proposals:

- Removal of LOM metadata
- Removal or reduction of learning plan
- Removal of old learning domain, rename learning2 to learning
- Additional/alternative metadata
- Additional assessment types

